Add a `gen_random_text_uuid` scalar (#11165)
crate/crate: docs/general/builtins/scalar.rst

    Every call to ``random`` will yield a new random number.

.. _scalar-gen_random_text_uuid:

``gen_random_text_uuid()``
--------------------------

> Returns a random time based UUID as ``text``. The returned id is similar to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns a random time based UUID as ``text``. The returned ID is similar to
```

flake IDs and well suited for use as primary key value.

> Note that the id is opaque and the implementation is free to change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the ID is opaque (i.e., not to be considered meaningful in any way)
and the internal implementation may change in the future.
```
